Document taskprov extension and global HPKE keys (#1736)
divviup/janus: docs/CONFIGURING_GLOBAL_HPKE_KEYS.md

# Global HPKE Keypairs
Janus has support for HPKE key advertisement on `/hpke_configs` that are not
tied to tasks. This is mainly to support the Taskprov extension, but we are
also [considering having this replace per-task keys entirely][1].

If a global key is configured, requests to `/hpke_configs` that don't provide
the task ID will provide the list of active global HPKE keys.

This document describes the operational overhead of managing these keys.

[1]: https://github.com/divviup/janus/issues/1641

> ## Lifecycle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Lifecycle

```

A global keypair has three states:
- `pending`: The key is in the database, but is not being advertised to clients.

> - `active`: The key is used by clients, and clients should use it to encrypt
>   reports.

Reviewer: To align with the other two bullets, plus we can't really say what clients are or are not doing:
```suggestion
- `active`: The key is being advertised to clients, and clients should use it to encrypt
  reports.
```

> - `expired`: The key is not advertised to client and will eventually be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `expired`: The key is not advertised to clients and will eventually be deleted.
```

These states are to facilitate key caching and rotation. The lifecycle of a key
is as follows:
1. The key is created in the `pending` state.
1. The in-memory caches of all Janus replicas must pick up the new key. This can

>    be done by waiting or restarting the replicas.

Reviewer: Back in ENPA, we solved a similar problem by making worker processes exit hourly so they'd restart and pick up fresh configuration values from their environment. I think we've discussed doing something similar for Janus. Can you find a relevant issue if it exists and link it here? If no such issue exists, write one up.
